DEVOPS-724 Amplitude database (#445)
xaynetwork/xayn_infrastructure: docs/amplitude_database_documentation.md

# Amplitude app database

This database was created as a request on this [ticket](https://xainag.atlassian.net/browse/DEVOPS-721) for the amplitude application.

## Admin credentials(only for devops team)

> When you run any `terraform` related to this database the user and password required are the one the are located in this secret: https://start.1password.com/open/i?a=C37D4GZQDJHGRCPCV2MUZHRSBE&v=6teygc45uzab5citwbdhkfwel4&i=as6wsaawkwprcsvb4whlimmuca&h=xaynag.1password.com first 2 fields(usename and password), the other fields are related to the connection string to the database itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run any `terraform` command related to this database the user and password required are the ones that are located in this secret: https://start.1password.com/open/i?a=C37D4GZQDJHGRCPCV2MUZHRSBE&v=6teygc45uzab5citwbdhkfwel4&i=as6wsaawkwprcsvb4whlimmuca&h=xaynag.1password.com the first 2 fields(username and password), the other fields are related to the connection string to the database itself.
```
